today we are going to start a new section through the news
of the weekend with the professional photographer Carlos Bravo the athletes
the photography of the Monterrey artist Carlos Bravo
It has allowed recognition in Mexico
as well as in the global network with more than two million visits in very short
time in their portals
survivor mainly in tourism
the portrait personalities and terror
keeps continuously in contact
with the students of the main universities of mexico there are some
He gives lectures in addition to his photos can be acquired in the form of
postcards in one of the main pharmacy chains in all of Mexico
the artist ensures that each theme has its magic and each one represents a
challenge and a different passion his artistic exhibition in terror
has been internationally recognized
and currently works on the mysteries project in mexico where is
recreating in a very realistic way the main legends of terror in that
country in terms of tourist photographs
currently has five moyano permanent exhibitions where
they stand out for being bad
what chulada monterrey with 40 photographs city
while almost the entire interior of the palace
the work considered as one of the expressions
one of the largest pieces
the mayor noelia
london 25
they are admired
millions of people who visit annually
If you have not lost
juanes zionist
Carlos Bravo is one of the most prominent photographers
and that because of its history
is a figure of inspiration
many young people and
depending on the act
Argentina repeated feat
from now on the television news teams are integrated
monterrey
precisely here with us from today to
that does not follow through the news carlos welcome to the team of the
news emilio lazaro section
now it's also coming
very happy for the same reason
and good vibes
your website for all the people we have a lot of public that is very
small to start already know about the subject so much good photography I joined
practical but the name is already occupied carlos bravo we have the bravo with
little bit
and until 13:30
in the photograph i
i the square will present part of every Saturday is going to overcome the fiction
to whom the news we will be working hard debate very practical
use words
technique a debate that anyone can
we will be giving very simple tips
something that you commonly hear is the one that people ask is that after
a death chamber
and another a little camera
today that they are presenting the semblance there are photographs in those
exhibitions in both the intermediate and municipal lamps
by tomás sony camera of the sale in a car
it can happen to anyone who by any little emergency how is
the challenge that it will take if then we are going to see what very important factors like
the light the hour
how to accommodate the photo
what do they do with the photograph taken with any camera look professional the
purpose of this section
it will be
what better your photography aíto world of amateurs very many festa is
swarming the number of people that the one that is beginning to this subject
and I want you to take better pictures let's see how to be expensive apple pc
that is very important everyone does not believe us photographers use
I had with my sony camera or the one I have that are practically commercial
for family photos because we already believe us I notice world ic want to take
those pictures policemen carlos bravo style we want to tell him I want
have a captured moment as well as I can do that is what we're going
7 behind this
we are photographers gap in the bed and after single-engine to fiat
but we're going to come closer to seemingly professionals the same co-insurance
heavy in addition also here in the news how can we do it
there are very simple questions for example something very practical and something that we do not have
another very personal is the contact with your children not the same contact with
your son a photograph that you take as a photographer in a studio is never
it's going to look like the one you're taking are genetic for the moment of not spending
the comedy about a child and even with his dad who is consumed
than the current sct
for example I have a nephew who
he taught her mom smile and all life the power things said
15 and see the picture from b past ascoli and is with the head and completely
also orient that no
and it really is not bad
but do not do it if you smile at him it's about age make them laugh at the body
we have the first example today the first place I have daddy I'm dumb and how those
obodo finally spoke to the ear and to the bold ones we started well and 20 platea this
Program
for example the picture of our children
isner we always use to take them at our same height at a height
adult down on the camera which is the example that we have a screen item
this picture is taken darin that has stopped taking the pendejez stopped
Exactly, and up to the living room with his citroen cuddly toys
and what we have is a photograph of the child pretending to have a certain fear
note a little bad soybean the actions are not perfect to pass them despite
that it would come out despite the fact that the environment is beautiful that it had some
way is intimidated despite having confidence the person who is taken
the photo feels down destination
and this is very simple that I want us to apply appear weekend that
send them the news the examples
to the best of the before and after honor
which dismantle at eye level there is the draw example look at that
there is lack of spectacular photographs nominations changes the whole girl is
feel more
with more confidence you smile more precise
we will take the notebook
each bed the box
to the palette joke of being up to the eyes of children or down
nobody before not up so the viewer
I must name young people that you feel a child this height of a child
then at the time that you are giving an image you feel better rising
Reminds you when your fans psychologically
It may also be that if you put yourself at your level
you give more confidence to the healthy child of course and and smile with a home
contiguous the best not
of this photo that we see and that after four or five clicks
I also tell you not to say it smiles at the best is a word an achievement would be
something that makes them laugh, we do not know what strength with a great career
entrepreneur is that if the one that was picked up the necessary one is
instead of saying the famous 12 and chizo buick and kuwait standing
since the parliament diet the pp is the word that is a child lottery
are attacked by you can go
at that moment take the power sounds for Pakistan shah can also be
modified in scarlet for more
next Saturday for dads and moms of photography many times you have to
to show
the Obama government and ordered abortion
d two deaths the success that are the ones that the general
today quite controversial and a lot of people's participation if they want
send a comment about gravel dot com pylos can send photos through
of the batch of mail @ the news never and point as seem below if they want to
start to send the first example that you put on that has burned the clutch
that we are looking at the photographs from above as we took them and how not
let's now take petrobras the knee here all the charlton the actor to the
person who threatened him if they also want some topic
I offered a specific item, you can send it by mail to
steal the news in a clip a bit
he sent his photographs carlos bravo be very aware of them and that
we know that he will do us a lot of thanks carlos last time if you kill me
after affectation to walk to the following weekend for more time